---
title: "Amulet amATOM/ATOM LPs on Astroport"
projectLogoUrl: "/images/logo-amulet.png"
projectUrl: "https://www.amulet.finance/"
requestAmount: [[10000,"ATOM"]]
minMaxTargetPolApr: [0,0]
points: [250000,"INGOTS"]
pointProgramUrl: "https://ingots.amulet.finance/"
---

# About the Project

Amulet is a non-custodial, decentralized platform enabling self-repaying loans on staked assets. Our focus is on one key function - unlocking ecosystem liquidity and capital efficiency for users through synthetics that represent future ATOM staking rewards on a 1:1 basis, closely mirroring the market value of ATOM. Fostering deep liquidity pools between amATOM (the synthetic that represents future ATOM staking rewards) and ATOM or ATOM LSTs helps us maintain a close peg and maximizes utility within the Cosmos DeFi ecosystem.

# Bid Description

## Use case

Adding LP to amATOM/ATOM* LPs on Astroport.

This bid seeks to bootstrap liquidity for amATOM/ATOM* pairs on Astroport, specifically deploying ATOM across two pools: amATOM/dATOM and amATOM/stATOM (split 50/50).
The allocated ATOM will:

* Deepen liquidity between amATOM and ATOM/stATOM derivatives to stabilize the peg of amATOM to the market value of ATOM.
* Contribute to Cosmos DeFi growth by providing ATOM holders seamless access to Amulet staking advances.
* Offer Hydro voters exposure to Ingots, representing allocations of the upcoming AMLT airdrop.

The primary goal of this bid is to deposit sufficient liquidity to make the peg between amATOM and ATOM more stable, allowing users to integrate amATOM consistently and reliably in their DeFi strategies.

## Duration, Tribute, Yield & Target

The tribute will be paid in Ingots.
There will be 250,000 Ingots to be distributed pro-rata among voters, based on voting power.
The liquidity target is 10,000 ATOM.
The deployment duration will be 3 months.

## Risk mitigation and Security

Hydro retains complete control of their LP and can withdraw it immediately.
amATOM represents future ATOM staking rewards on Amulet's auto-repaying staking advance protocol.
Hence, the value of amATOM is always representative of an equivalent amount of ATOM generated by future staking rewards.

Amulet has been audited by Oak Security, and their audit can be found [here](https://github.com/oak-security/audit-reports/tree/main/Amulet).
Amulet has also been audited by Resonance Cybersecurity, and their audit can be found [here](https://github.com/ResonanceCybersecurity/audits/blob/main/CosmWasm%20Smart%20Contract%20Audits/Audit_Report_AMLT-PRO_FINAL_2.2.pdf).
Emergency security contact has been provided to the Hydro committee.

## Monitoring

The committee can monitor the performance of the amATOM LPs on the Astroport UI:

* amATOM/dATOM pool is [here](https://app.astroport.fi/pools/neutron14y0xyavpf5xznw56u3xml9f2jmx8ruk3y8f5e6zzkd9mhmcps3fs59g4vt).
* amATOM/stATOM pool is [here](https://app.astroport.fi/pools/neutron1w8vmg3zwyh62edp7uxpaw90447da9zzlv0kqh2ajye6a6mseg06qseyv5m).

## Deployment

amATOM/dATOM LP: neutron14y0xyavpf5xznw56u3xml9f2jmx8ruk3y8f5e6zzkd9mhmcps3fs59g4vt

amATOM/stATOM LP: neutron1w8vmg3zwyh62edp7uxpaw90447da9zzlv0kqh2ajye6a6mseg06qseyv5m

# Committee Review

The presented strategy offers interesting opportunities with very limited risks. Contracts are audited which allows Hydro to apply the bootstrapping framework and support the project with an initial 10K ATOM injection. Assuming rising demand for deposits in the pool, the project may be able to request more in the future. Hydro LP deposits would then be subject to the 33% share (after deposit) cap in the pools.

